<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	template="/WEB-INF/namesTemplate.xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:fc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/comps"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<div class="ui-treetable-scrollable-body" id="indexDiv">
			<div class="textScreen">

				<h1 class="heading">Format</h1>

				<p:panel header="Functional Area Name">
					<kbd style="color: #006699">Sec-Sub</kbd>
				</p:panel>
				
				<p:panel header="Device Name">
					<kbd style="color: #006699">Sec-Sub</kbd>
					<kbd>:</kbd>
					<kbd style="color: #99CC00">Dis-Dev-Idx</kbd>
				</p:panel>
				
				<p:panel header="Process Variable Name" footer="Not implemeted in the Naming Service">
					<kbd style="color: #006699">Sec-Sub</kbd>
					<kbd>:</kbd>
					<kbd style="color: #99CC00">Dis-Dev-Idx</kbd>
					<kbd>:</kbd>
					<kbd style="color: #CC6600">Property</kbd>
					<kbd>.</kbd>
					<kbd style="color: grey">FIELD</kbd>
				</p:panel>

				<h1 class="heading"> Name Elements </h1>

				<p:panelGrid>
					<f:facet name="header">
						<p:row>
							<p:column> Element</p:column>
							<p:column> Full Name</p:column>
							<p:column> Description</p:column>
						</p:row>
					</f:facet>

					<p:row>
						<p:column colspan="3">
							<strong> Area Structure</strong>
						</p:column>
					</p:row>

					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd>Sup</kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Super Section</p:column>
						<p:column>High level area of the facility restricted to a particular use. Used for filtering and sorting purposes only. Not part of the convention names</p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd style="color: #006699"> Sec </kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Section</p:column>
						<p:column>Level 2 of Area Structure</p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd style="color: #006699"> Sub </kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Subsection</p:column>
						<p:column>Level 3 of Area Structure</p:column>
					</p:row>

					<p:row>
						<p:column colspan="3">
							<strong> Device Structure</strong>
						</p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd style="color: #99CC00"> Dis </kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Discipline </p:column>
						<p:column>Branch of knowledge indicating the context in which a device is used</p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd>Cat</kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Category</p:column>
						<p:column>Introdued to allow certain devices to be grouped together in list. Not part of the convention names. Default is Miscellaneous (Misc)</p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd style="color: #99CC00"> Dev </kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Generic Device type</p:column>
						<p:column>Two devices of the same generic device type provide the same function</p:column>
					</p:row>

					<p:row>
						<p:column colspan="3">
							<strong> Instance Index</strong>
						</p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd style="color: #99CC00"> Idx </kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Instance index</p:column>
						<p:column>To distinguish devices of the same type in the same area</p:column>
					</p:row>

					<p:row>
						<p:column colspan="3">
							<strong> Configuration Structure</strong> (not implemented by the naming service)
						</p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd> SDev </kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Specific Device Type </p:column>
						<p:column>Two devices of the same specific device type are identical from a controls perspective and among others have the same set of control signals. Not displayed in names. </p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd style="color: #CC6600"> Property </kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>Observable Property</p:column>
						<p:column>E.g. Current, Time or Temperature</p:column>
					</p:row>
					<p:row>
						<p:column>
							<kbd style="color: grey"> FIELD </kbd>
						</p:column>
						<p:column>EPICS Field</p:column>
						<p:column>Predefined for the record type. Example: value (VAL), units (EGU), alarmlimits (HIGH, LOW etc).  </p:column>
					</p:row>

				</p:panelGrid>

				<h1 class="heading">Validation</h1>

				<p:panel header="Device registry"> 
				Device names are validated against the following set of rules
					in the device registry:
				<ol>
					<li>Instance index (<kbd style="color: #99CC00">Idx</kbd>)
						shall be alphanumeric. I.e., only upper and lower case
						alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) are allowed.
					</li>
					<li>The device names <kbd style="color: #006699">Sec-Sub</kbd>
						<kbd>:</kbd>
						<kbd style="color: #99CC00">Dis-Dev-Idx</kbd> shall be
						distinguishable, which means that names shall be unique
						irrespective of
						<ul>
							<li>Letter case</li>
							<li>Letters I, l and number 1</li>
							<li>Letter O and number 0</li>
							<li>Letters V and W</li>
							<li>Leading zeros, i.e., number 0 immediately following a
								non-numerical character</li>
						</ul>
					</li>
					<li>The instance index (<kbd style="color: #99CC00">Idx</kbd>)
						shall be 1 to 6 characters long.
					</li>
				</ol>
				</p:panel>
				
				
				<p:panel header="Area Structure">
				
				Proposed name elements in the area structures are
					validated against the following set of rules:
				<ol>
					<li>Names elements for any of the items in the area
						structure shall be alphanumeric. I.e., only upper and lower case
						alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) are allowed.</li>
					<li>Name elements for super section (<kbd>Sup</kbd>) and section
						(<kbd style="color: #006699">Sec</kbd>) shall be globally
						distinguishable.
					</li>
					<li>Name elements for subsection <kbd style="color: #006699">Sub</kbd>
						shall be distinguishable under the same parent section.
					</li>
					<li>Names elements for any of the items in the area structure shall 
					have 1 to 6 charachers. </li>
				</ol>
				</p:panel>
				
				
			   <p:panel header="Device Structure">				
				Proposed name elements in the Device structure are
					validated against the following set of rules:
				<ol>
					<li>Names elements for any of the items in the device
						structure shall be alphanumeric. I.e., only upper and lower case
						alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) are allowed.</li>
					<li>Name elements for and discipline(<kbd
							style="color: #99CC00">Dis</kbd>) shall be globally
						distinguishable.
					</li>
					<li>Name elements for device category (<kbd>Cat</kbd>) and
						type (<kbd style="color: #99CC00">Dev</kbd>) shall be
						distinguishable under the same discipline.
					</li>
					<li>Names elements for any of the items in the device structure shall 
					have 1 to 4 charachers. </li>
				</ol>
				</p:panel>

			</div>
		</div>
	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>